# FINANCIAL AIDS EDX COURSE

# 1. Why are you applying for Financial Assistance? 
I am a sophomore at FPT University in Vietnam and want to learn Front-end Development. I think it will be beneficial for work after graduation. I have no job of my own to carry the expenses to pay for the certificate of this course. I earn money by teaching assistants in an English Center. It is a part-time earning. I totally rely on my father for my college fees and pocket money and other monthly expenditure. My father took an education loan for my graduation expenses. In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial assistance will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I am badly in need of this financial aid. I see a lot of potential in the course that can help me improve my understanding of Front-end Development. Besides, this course also makes me advance in my career by applying the valuable knowledge gained from my studies. At the same time, a valid certificate is a testament to my efforts to get good results and is a great encouragement for me to improve my understanding every day. I will skill up with the tools and technologies that successful software developers use to build, deploy, test, run, giving me the practical skills to begin a new career in a highly in-demand area. Finally, if accepted, the knowledge of this course will contribute to making myself more "competitive" and helping me find good job and internship opportunities.

# 2. How will your participation in this course help you achieve your career goals? 
I am taking this course for my study. I am studying in the Software Engineering field then I also want to achieve my work as a developer after graduation. This course will equip me with all the skills and technical know-how to kickstart my career as Front-end Developer. Then I want to learn to build my applications and practice working with the technologies behind them. After completing all the courses in the program, I will understand the Cloud Development Ecosystem and Terminology like front-end developer, back-end, server-side, full stack, etc.. But to reach that dream, I need to train myself by studying every day. With online learning, I can choose the most flexible time according to my schedule. Therefore, it creates opportunities for me to renew myself every day and update new knowledge. After graduation, this certificate will be valuable in my higher study education regarding this field. I want to continue my study in the Front-end Development field in the future.

# 3. Tell us about your plans for this course. What steps will you take to help you complete the course work and receive a certificate?
I plan to complete all assignments on or before time. Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on edX. I am pursuing me under graduation in software engineering. Also, I have a keen interest in doing projects with microcontrollers and the internet of things related to domains like automation, communications, security, etc. I want to complete the course due to my curiosity and also that I can put a good CV to get applied to a job. This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out various projects with microcontrollers and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time. Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on edX I also plan to grade assignments that are to peer-reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity. I will do the course modules daily and try to complete the course before the deadlines specified.



